add more github commands (#220)
nimbella/command-sets: github/README.md

In order to use this command set, you need to set up a Personal Access Token on GitHub with repo access. And save the token as a secret with `github_token` as the key name. Use `/nc secret_create` to create secrets.

> Get token from [here] or (https://github.com/settings/tokens) visit [this](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line) to learn how to setup a Personal Access Token on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a token with `repo` access [here](https://github.com/settings/tokens) or click [here](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line) to learn how to create a Personal Access Token on GitHub.

```
